improve docs sprint 17 (#98)
inseri-swiss/inseri-core-wp: docs/blocks/javascript.md

# JavaScript Code

> It allows to run JavaScript code in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows to run JavaScript code in a separate  web worker. It is therefore ideal for performing heavy computations in the background.
```
I think it's important to distinguish for experienced js developer. Otherwise they will try to access DOM, which is not possible within web worker.

Author: I removed the "heavy" since all-in-all it should be within a couple of seconds at most to have a good user experience.

This block allows multiple inputs and outputs. This makes it interesting to tie the behaviors of different blocks together.

To set the inputs and outputs for the script, select "open extended view" which opens a popup.

## Output

As defined in the extended view.

## Input

A JavaScript file or the user can directly write the code. It allows asynchronous behaviour and `await` is permitted within the main body of the code.

Moreover in the extended view below it is possible to define input variables.

## Extended view

Imagine we have the following Python script:

```python

> sum = a + b
> product = a * b

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let sum = a + b
let product = a * b
```
